Specifically, we present a
larger-scale TSC dataset with four-level structures and rich
self-labeled attributes

我们将从在线视频网站收集到的TSC数据重新组织为季-集-评论-用户四级结构。
我们全面的TSC数据集包含近900季的动画，超过17K集，以及大约300万用户产生的超过3200万条评论。
它不仅超越了现有的任何TSC数据集，而且包含了更丰富的属性，其中一些属性甚至可以被视为标签，如标签和喜好。

Multi-Dimensional Data Attributes. This dataset contains
more abundant attributes such as season tags, episode coins
(likes) and user history that can be regarded as labels for
supervised learning problems.

Dynamic Data Update. This dataset is “dynamic” since it
records variation of TSCs for each episode as time elapses
while all previous datasets are “static” that only save a single
copy at a certain timestamp.


Episode Data Structure

episode_id: Primary key. The internal id of this episode.
av_id: The video id of this episode, used in matching url of episode page.
cid: The comment id of this episode.
coins: The number of user likes.
cover: The url of cover image of this season.
episode_status: The status of this episode, 1 for on air, 2 for finished.
index: The index of this episode in season.
index_title: The title of this episode.
tags: Tags marked by users, seperated by "|".
update_time: The timestamp of information update by Bilibili.
season_id: The season_id of corresponding season.
createdAt: The timestamp of current entry creation.
updatedAt: The timestamp of current entry update.


Danmaku (TSC) Data Structure

raw_id: Primary key. The internal id of this TSC.
playback_time: The time when this TSC appears in the video.
type: The type of this TSC.
font_size: The font size of this TSC.
font_color: The color of this TSC, HTML color.
unix_timestamp: The time of user published this TSC.
pool: The position of how this TSC appear. 0 for normal, 1 for subtitle, 2 for advance.
sender_id: The id of the sender who published this TSC.
content: The content of TSC.
episode_id: The episode_id of corresponding episode.
createdAt: The timestamp of current entry creation.
updatedAt: The timestamp of current entry update.